Update Readme.md (#5)
DevExpress-Examples/winforms-pivot-change-the-field-value-header-appearance-backcolor: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E2809)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# WinForms Pivot Grid - Change the Field Value Header Background

> This example handles the [CustomDrawFieldValue](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotGridControl.CustomDrawFieldValue) event to change the header's back color. 

Reviewer: `back color` Is this the same as fill color?

Author: yeap

Reviewer: Is it not better to use 'fill color' instead since this is more common?

Author: ```suggestion
This example handles the [CustomDrawFieldValue](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.PivotGridControl.CustomDrawFieldValue) event to fill the header's color. 
```
